so it's late at night I'm hungry and
there's only a couple of places here in
town that are actually open this late
one of them crystal have a little bit of
fun I think I have a number one without
the cheese I would like without the
cheese but I don't want them so please
do not give them to me I actually like
pickles on my burger you can hold the
onions
and no cheese okay I'm sorry Union sign
indicated creep in a middle way no that
is correct
another one on holding the onions and no
cheese and also remember the tip is
booze
I'll drink I would like a coke never way
holiday with a girl that would all I
had it
I would also like mustard and if you
could provide me some ketchup that would
be terrific turn my vehicle off great
okay I really hope that the onions are
are held with help they're not all my
crystals
I don't like onions you know people I
like number one no onions but keep the
pickle please yes they don't reject it
be nice
575 I have a kid hi welcome have you
seen the movie Batman yes
I appreciate your customer service now
that's nice
closing the window so that the food
doesn't get cold
bitches bother you at all well thank you
very much for your time service all
right thank you watch out for weirdos
great advice well another great trip
here at the Crystal in the middle of the
night who would have thought